Abstract
The purpose of this project is to create an application that can help the user increase the brain’s processing power, help people make more efficient and effective decisions. People tend to take the easy route, the ones that do not require much energy or brainpower, the ones that are just done by habit. If the brain does not get enough stimulus, its processing power will stagnate or decrease over time.(Nouchi et al., 2013)
This project intends to solve this problem by combining two well-known fields, mathematics and language-skills, to utilize a massive amount of mental ability, and force the user to come up with new and improved ways to solve different tasks and problems. (Oei and Patterson, 2013)
The main purpose of this project is to encourage the user to work with limited resources by creating an environment in which such task will be entertaining and competitive. The goal of the user is to combine a valid word from created letters. Those letters are transformed from the corresponding number in the alphabet. The number is a result of calculations performed by the user on a set of numbers and operations that are randomly selected. The performance of the user is later analysed and evaluated in the form of scores. For further feedback the personal performance is stored and compered with the results of other users.
The project was design with goal to provide maximum possible flexibility and scalability. The system is divided into single activity android application, web service based client server communication and dimension modelled relationship database to achieve modularity of the system. 
The system was tested with black box test and unit test. All critical requirements and high priority requirements were fully implemented with exception of real time multiplayer system.
